snooper(1) -- Spy on Tests
==========================

## SYNOPSIS

`snooper` <options> [<command_line>]*

## DESCRIPTION

**Snooper** is a lightweight test automation tool, it monitors files and
folders while you work and re-runs your tests when you change something.
Snooper doesn't care what language you're using or what framework you are
testing with, it's all configureable.

## OPTIONS

Most configuration takes place in the snooper-config(7) file. You can however
override the command that is run. This is useful if you are only working on a
subsection of a project that has it's own tests.

 * `-c`, `--config` <configfile>:
   Specify the configuration file to use. The default is `.snooper.yaml` in the
   current directory, or any of it's parent directories.

 * `-p`, `--poll`
   Force polling. Use this if there seem to be bugs in your builtin OS file
   notification system. _Warning_: using this option may slow down snooper's
   reaction to file changes and increase resource useage.

 * <command_line>:
   One or more <command_line>s to execute when source files change. Overides any
   commands specified in the configuration file.

## EXAMPLES

`$ snooper`

To run snooper in the current directory, configured by the `.snooper.yaml` file.

`$ snooper --config snooperrc "echo Hello World!"`

To snoop using the cofiguration in <snooperrc> executing `echo Hello World!`
when files change.

## BUGS

Think you've found a bug? [Report it](http://github.com/iwillspeak/snooper/issues).

## SEE ALSO

snooper-config(7)

## AUTHORS

Will Speak (@willspeak)

